SHOUT OUT TO THE CUSTOMIZER (#34)
hackclub/summer-scrapbook: pages/about.mdx

To customize the CSS on your profile page, run `/scrappy setcss <link>` in Slack, giving a link to a CSS file or a [GitHub Gist](https://gist.github.com). [Here’s the default CSS](https://scrapbook.hackclub.com/themes/default.css), for your overwriting pleasure.

> Want to preview your CSS before adding it to your profile? Check out <Mention username={jasonappah} />'s Scrapbook Customizer [here](https://scrapbook.hackclub.com/customizer)

Reviewer: This is referencing his name as a variable—you’ll need a string instead
```suggestion
Want to preview your CSS before adding it to your profile? Check out <Mention username="jasonappah" />’s [Scrapbook Customizer](https://scrapbook.hackclub.com/customizer).
```
